Morning.
Ah, Valentine's Day's
coming up
and Rae made Daddy
a big old Valentine's card.
Sorry, Daddy, it's for Devon.
Um, he's visiting
his grandma in L.A.
and, you know, I just wanted
to send him a little card
to remind him ofmoi.
RAVEN:
♪ Miss you, wanna kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you, wanna kiss you,
Miss you, wanna kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you, wanna kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you, wanna kiss you,
Miss you... ♪
Oh yeah, that'll remind
him of you.
A big old head
that won't stop talking.
So how about you, Corey?
You got a valentine?
COREY:
Oh, yeah.
A new girl in school.
Danielle.
Oh, that is beautiful, Corey.
Danielle?
You know, I think
that's French for
"Girl you better run
before it's too late."
Nobody wants
to be my valentine.
Corey, have you actually
talked to Danielle yet?
No, I've been waiting
to make my move.
And today's moving day.
Hey, Corey...
now, I know this may
sound a little weird,
but I want you to have
a good Valentine's Day, okay?
Why?
'Cause I know a little
something-something
about romance
and I want to help
a brother out.
Why?
Listen, all
I'm saying is
when you talk to Danielle,
don't mess up.
Think about what
you're going to say
before you say it.
Don't worry about me.
I know how to talk
to the ladies.
Oh, hi, Corey.
(stammering ):
Hmm... hmm...
Hmm... hmm... hmm... hmm...
Okay. Nice talking to you.
Raven!
♪Let's go ♪
♪ If you could gaze
into the future ♪
♪Future, future ♪
♪ You might think life
would be a breeze ♪
♪Life is a breeze ♪
♪ Seeing trouble
from a distance ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Go, Rae.
♪ But it's not that easy ♪
♪Oh, no ♪
Take it to the bridge now.
♪ I try to save the situation,
then I end up misbehaving ♪
♪ Hey, now, say, now,
'bout to break down ♪
♪ Yeah, come on and ride
with the Rae, hey ♪
♪ And if the future
looks gray now ♪
♪ Then everything's gonna
change now ♪
♪ All right, keep it going ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's the future I can see ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me... ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me,
yeah ♪
Yep, that's me.
(grunting )
Rae, come on, couldn't you have
just sent him
a long e-mail or something?
Please, girl, where is
your sense of romance?
Gee, I don't
know, Rae--
I think I sweated it all out
on the way up here.
(phone ringing )
Oh! Oh! Oh!
It's Curtis! It's Curtis!
Yes! Yes!
Hello, Curtis. Hi.
Shh.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
Bye.
Well, that stinks.
Curtis just
asked me out.
Oh, yeah, Chelse,
it's a real bummer
when a guy I like
asks me out.
Well, come on, you know
I can't date anyone
unless my parents
check him out first,
and they're away on
their second honeymoon.
Why couldn't they
just get it right
the first time?
Hey, I have an idea.
Why don't you let
my parents step in for yours.
They'll check out Curtis,
give your parents a thumbs up
and someone's getting a slice
of cutie pie.
Oh, is it me? Is it me?
'Cause I love pie.
(footsteps thudding )
You ruined my life.
Then my work
here is done.
You told me not to mess up
with Danielle.
So I'm thinking, "Don't mess up,
don't mess up, don't mess up."
And guess what happened?
You messed up.
Oh, no, that's probably
not it.
That's too obvious.
Of course I messed up.
Corey, listen,
it's not too late
to turn it around with Danielle.
I'm not listening to you.
You are a love jinx.
What happened?
Threw little homey's game
down the drain?
It was an accidental
game drain, thank you.
I had a vision that Corey
didn't get a valentine--
I tried to help
and I think I
made it worse.
Eddie, you're like
his big brother.
Can you talk to him for me?
Hey, no problem.
All he needs is a couple
of tips from the master.
Oh, good idea, good idea.
Now, where would we actually
reach this master?
You know, Corey,
as hard as it
is to believe,
I used to have some
difficulties
talking to the ladies.
That's not
hard to believe.
Well, anyway,
the point is,
I got over it.
But I never
had this problem...
until I tried
to talk to Danielle.
Man, that's 'cause
she's special.
You've got to go
in there with a plan.
Something romantic
that's going to
blow her away.
You know what
I'm saying?
Like what?
Watch and learn.
Follow me.
Come here.
Put this on...
Pop it in.
Number three.
(phone ringing )
GIRL:
Hello.
Hey, what's up,
Andrea?
Hi, Eddie.
Hey, I've been working
on something new for you.
I want you to dig it, all right?
All right.
Cool.
Going something
like this--
(mellow hip-hop playing )
(rapping ):
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Yo ♪
♪ I was thinking 'bout you,
baby girl, just the other day ♪
♪ In history class,
thinking of you missing me ♪
♪ and I can't think
of nothing, sweet angel ♪
♪ Because I'm lovesick ♪
♪ I got a hole in my heart
and it's burning like a wick ♪
♪ I try to focus on learning,
but then my mind
ends up turning ♪
♪ I can't focus, girl,
'cause my soul is yearning ♪
♪ But anyway I'm going
to go ahead ♪
♪ And skip to the main part ♪
♪ Help keep me on the right path
at least to your heart ♪
♪ Done. ♪
See what I'm saying?
I love that.
That was so...
Oh, hey, Daddy.
Eddie was just...
(dial tone )
Well, I guess her daddy's
not that big of a rap fan.
But you get the point, man.
I know what you're saying.
I should rap to Danielle.
Exactly, Corey.
Matter of fact,
bust a little
rhyme for me.
Okay. Dig it.
(rapping ):
♪ My name is Corey ♪
♪ And... this is my story ♪
♪ Two times two equals four-y ♪
♪ And at night I soar-y... ♪
And that is "sorry."
Sit back down.
(sighs )
Can't talk, I can't rap.
I'm never going
to get Danielle
to be my valentine.
Man, listen, I'm going
to help you out.
You can use
Big Eddie's rhymes
to rap to your
girl, Danielle.
Really?!
Yeah.
Man, that's tight.
I don't care what
they say about you--
you the man.
You the man.
Well, thank you, Corey.
That's so cool of you.
(chuckles )
Wha... what are they saying?
Hey, Corey.
You want to share my snack?
(stammering ):
Hmm... hmm... hmm...
hmm... hmm...
I guess not.
Hmm...! Hmm...!
(mellow hip-hop playing )
♪ I was thinking 'bout you,
baby girl, just the other day ♪
♪ In history class,
thinking of you missing me ♪
♪ and I can't think
of nothing, sweet angel ♪
♪ Because I'm lovesick ♪
♪ I got a hole in my heart
and it's burning like a wick ♪
♪ I try to focus on learning but
then my mind ends up turning ♪
♪ I can't focus, girl,
'cause my soul is yearning ♪
♪ But anyway I'm going
to go ahead ♪
♪ And skip to the main part ♪
♪ Help keep me on the right path
at least to your heart ♪
♪ Done. ♪
(applause )
Corey, that was so...
(girls clamoring )
(clamoring continues )
Miss you,
want to kiss you...
Rae, when are you going
to mail this thing?
As soon as we finish
licking the envelope.
Miss you...
(loud splat )
Oh, Chelsea, we
talked to your folks
and they agreed to let
us check Curtis out.
(gasps )
(shrieks )
Chelsea, we haven't
given him the okay yet.
Oh, come on.
You guys are so
going to say yes.
My parents are so strict.
And you guys let Raven
get away with everything.
(muffled yell )
You are so funny.
Ha, ha, ha.
(both laughing )
She's just
playing with y'all,
'Cause you guys are the
toughest parents I know.
Uh-huh.
Just mail the card.
And clean your room.
Yes, ma'am.
(girls giggling )
Ladies, don't forget--
tomorrow's Valentine's Day.
Or as I like to call it,
"Coreytine's Day."
(screaming )
I'll see you then.
Were all those girls
screaming for you?
Yeah. It's my rapping skills.
A hooked up brother.
Ah. Mm-hmm.
Okay, so which one
of those beautiful
ladies was Danielle?
None of them.
She's old news.
What happened?
I thought she was going
to be your special valentine.
Who needs one girl
when you can have ten?
It's a numbers
game, baby.
Ha.
Wow, looks like
Corey's a little
full of himself.
He's a little
full of something.
I thought you were
gonna mail that thing.
The mailman refused to take it.
Well, maybe you need
a smaller card.
Or a bigger mailman.
Don't you have to
call Curtis, Chel?
Ooh, right, I have to tell him
to come over tomorrow,
meet your parents.
Man, I hope this goes well.
I feel like Curtis and I
are, like, soul mates.
You know, just think,
one day I might be
Mrs. Curtis...
Yeah, what the heck's
that guy's last name again?
Chelsea,
go to my room.
(sighs )
Hey, Eddie,
we got to talk about Corey.
I'm kind of worried about him.
Why? He's doing great.
I just wrote him a new rhyme.
What?
You know, just following up
the first hit,
passing down the magic.
Um... listen,
I know I asked you to help,
but Corey's changed.
I mean,
he's obnoxious,
self-centered, conceited...
He hasn't really changed
that much.
But now the girls
are actually falling for it.
Rae, it every guy's dream
to have a whole bunch
of girls chasing them.
Don't kill the boy's dreams,
that's all I'm saying.
Yeah, he was kind
of glowing.
Look at this way, Rae.
Your vision of Corey
not getting any valentines
ain't gonna happen.
Maybe you're right.
(doorbell rings )
I got to get that.
And you know what?
I don't care what they
say about you, Eddie.
You're the best.
The best?
Well, thank you, Rae.
Well, who keeps saying
these things?
Hey there.
Hi, I'm Danielle.
I just wanted to drop off
my valentine for Corey.
Oh, that is so sweet.
(yelling ):
Corey!
Come on in,
he'll be right down.
I tried giving him my card
in school,
but he was kind of busy
with all the other girls.
Oh, well...
I'm sure he'd love
to see you now.
And don't take it personally,
Danielle, seriously,
because guys
have this crazy dream
about lots of girls
chasing after them.
They do?
Why can't they
just like one girl?
You know what? They can.
They should.
That dream is stupid,
because it hurts people,
especially cute little people
in pigtails.
Oh, those are so cute.
(yells ):
Corey!
What?
Danielle came over
to give you this valentine.
Not until tomorrow.
Tell her to take a number.
He's such a kidder.
No, seriously.
Tell her to take a number.
I got to go.
Oh...
(door closes )
I cannot believe that...
(shouting ):
Corey, get down here right now!
What do you want from my life?
"Take a number," Corey?
That is no way to treat anybody.
What do I have to do
to get through to you?
Whatever it is, take a number.
You can tell me about it later.
Hey, you guys,
Curtis is here.
Thank you so much again
for filling in for my parents.
You know, Victor,
this is a big responsibility.
You heard what
Chelsea said earlier
about you being too soft.
Oh, please,
she was talking about you.
Of course she was.
Now put away your cream puffs
and let's talk
to the boy.
Guys, are you ready?
Ooh, there's a tough question.
Um, Curtis,
this are Raven's parents.
They actually have
some questions for you.
But don't worry,
it's just a formality thing.
Take a seat, Curtis.
So...
how are you doing in school?
Oh, he's shaking now.
Actually, Curtis is
a straight-A student.
Really?
You a cheater?
Uh... I've never
cheated in my life.
Ever been in jail?
What? No.
Why not?
Because I'm not
a criminal.
Okay...
Come here.
Hi, yeah, come here.
Hi. Hello.
I kind of like this guy.
Kind of.
Honey, we're just doing
our jobs.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey.
You're on a date
with Chelsea and
the car breaks down.
What do you do?
Uh... I don't have
a license, sir.
Aha!
Driving without
a license.
What were you
thinking, young man?
And you getting in the car
with him.
Chelsea, I'm sorry.
I like you, but this
is just too weird.
Um... uh, uh, Curtis...
can you wait a minute?
Is that a trick question?
No.
Look, I think we got
a little carried away.
I'm sorry.
Look, you seem like
a very nice young man.
I thought I was.
Look, you two go out and
have a nice time on us.
Here's ten bucks.
Ten bucks?
You can't do anything
with ten bucks.
Here's $20.
Please.
Bet you can't top that.
Don't push it, girl.
Now be back by 11:00.
10:00.
9:00.
You know what?
I don't even live here.
(doorbell rings )
(screaming )
Happy Coreytine's Day...
for one of you.
Would you please take a seat?
Now I'm gonna rap a little
something-something for y'all.
And I'm gonna ask
each of you what you think.
And the one with the best answer
will be leaving with this rose.
And the other four...
will be leaving
with just the memories.
(hip-hop beat plays )
(rapping ):
♪ Girl, I'll give you platinum,
pearls, ice and gold ♪
♪ And in return, I ask you
don't treat me cold ♪
♪ Don't try to jock C-Diddy
because you know I got flows ♪
♪ Be a teddy bear forever,
to have and to hold ♪
♪ You need a man that makes you
want to shake, jiggle and clap ♪
♪ And when you're down, make you
smile with the charm of a rap ♪
♪ I'm hotter than hot ♪
♪ The girlies know
I can't be stopped ♪
♪ I just took a shot and made
this rhyme up on the spot ♪
Holler!
(applause )
(beat stops )
(hip-hop music plays )
(rapping ):
♪ Made it up on the spot, huh?
I think not ♪
♪ Why you tellin' them fibs,
little bro? You need to stop ♪
♪ I'm hotter than some of you,
ha, your rap is a bummer ♪
♪ And where you get the nerve
to tell Rae-dizzle
to take a number? ♪
(laughing loudly )
Raven, what are you doing?
I tried to talk to you,
but you wouldn't listen.
I don't have to listen to you.
You ain't cool.
Oh, I'm not cool.
Okay.
I'm about to take
you to school.
♪ Unh, unh ♪
♪ My boy think he raps good, but
he ain't acting like he should ♪
♪ Talking mean towards people
won't get you to Hollywood ♪
♪ But listen, yo,
I got a little proposition ♪
♪ I'm balling you out
on the battle ♪
♪ So drop
unless you're chicken ♪
♪ Start kickin', bust it. ♪
I ain't chicken.
Well, then drop it.
Okay.
(hip-hop music continues )
♪ Your feet... stink ♪
♪ Your toenails pink ♪
♪ Your breath smells bad ♪
♪ Like a... bad smell ♪
Ooh, what then?
Can't touch this.
♪ My boy can't rap ♪
♪ It's obvious
that he's frontin' ♪
♪ His lips just flap,
big sis gon' keep it coming ♪
♪ Learn to improvise, 'cause all
you did was memorize ♪
♪ Bring that big old head
back down to size ♪
♪ And young ladies, don't be
letting Corey put you in check ♪
♪ Get a grip, y'all should
really have some self-respect ♪
(applause )
I didn't want to pull
this out on y'all.
But...
♪ My name is Corey
and this is my story ♪
♪ Two times two equals four-e ♪
Please don't leave.
Come on!
Sit back down.
You not gonna get a rose
acting like that.
(door closes )
Nobody wants to be my valentine.
Just like my vision.
Why did you do that?
I know it's hard to believe,
but it was the only way
I could think of to help you.
Well, thanks for the help.
I had all those girls
in love with me
and you had to ruin it.
Corey, those girls were not
in love with you, okay?
They were in love
with your rap,
which wasn't even yours.
So what?
I didn't hurt anybody.
You didn't?
Well, what about Danielle?
"Take a number"?
Oh, yeah.
I guess you're right.
I should've given her
a lower number, huh?
Corey...
I get what you're saying.
That wasn't cool.
There may be hope for you yet.
Oh.
Danielle wanted me
to give you this.
She was the only girl
that really liked me
and I blew it.
Uh, well...
you still have a rose.
What am I supposed
to do with it?
Let's go get
you a vase.
Hello, Corey.
(stammering ):
Hmm... hmm... hmm...
Danielle, translated,
that means,
"I'm sorry I was
a real jerk.
Will you be
my valentine?"
Corey, is that true?
Okay, Corey.
I'll be your valentine.
You will?!
That's great!
I'm talking to you.
Did you like my card?
Yeah, I liked
the little hearts.
Some people make them lumpy,
but yours were perfect.
Thanks.
I don't like lumpy hearts.
Me, too.
(cries ):
Oh!
Oh.
I get you.
You want me to go.
Sorry.
Cupid was just
admiring her work.
(sighs )
But she can take a hint.
Bye.
(doorbell rings )
(gasps ):
Oh!
What's up, Rae?
Hi.
You weren't supposed to
be back until tomorrow.
Not that a sister's
complaining.
I made my parents so crazy
talking about you,
we drove home a day early.
Oh.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Thank you, Devon.
Oh, they're so beautiful.
Oh, and I got
something for you.
(Raven's voice ):
♪ Miss you, want to kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you,
want to kiss you ♪
I love it.
♪ Miss you,
want to kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you, want to kiss you ♪
♪ Miss you,
want to kiss you ♪
(whirring )
Well...
it's the thought
that counts, right?
Happy Valentine's Day.